Okay.
So in this lesson it will add TypeScript to the four remaining view components in our app that do not
support it yet.
And it is all the components in our source views directory.
I have them all displayed right here by simply searching for the script tag without the presence of
the lagging attribute.
So let's quickly go through these components and update them all.
I'm going to begin with home view that view and I'm simply going to do the usual.
So let's add lang equals test, let's import define component and that is going to come from view and
then invoke define component below.
Like.
So I'm also going to copy these two lines because I can sense that these are going to be pretty reused.
So let's just copy these two lines so we can just paste them wherever they're needed.
So I'm going to move on to job results view right here.
I'm going to do the exact same thing.
There's my import, there's my invocation, and there's my closing parentheses.
There we go.
Moving on to job view.
So right here, I'm going to replace this with that provide defined component and close it off right
here.
You'll also notice that this component is actually still using the options API.
You can see here we have a computed property that is relying on this the dollar sign root.
Since we're here, why don't we replace this with the composition API?
So what I'll do here is import the used root function from view router.
That's how we're going to get access to our root object.
There we go.
And of course, instead of computed, what I'm going to do is create a setup method.
And what I'm going to do in here is invoke use root to get access to my root.
So there we go.
And to get the exact same properties as below, what I'm going to do is define a concept called the
current job ID and that is going to be root dot params dot ID.
And then of course, I'm going to return my object here with current job ID and as soon as I do that,
you can see that, yes, there's going to have a little bit of a problem because it's going to say,
hey, you're using both the options API and the composition API and you're referencing this current
job ID key, which already exists.
But now that we have this logic all in our setup method, we can, of course, remove our computed property.
And there we go.
All right.
So I'm just going to copy this in case it was lost and finally move on to our teams view page right
here.
Replace that.
Add the defined component invocation here.
And I think with that, we now have moved every single component in our app to TypeScript.
So big progress.
Glad that we made it here and I will see you in the next lesson.